* Department meeting Nov. 21st, 2018


** Annoucements

+ Tisem is going to test our exams for the next accreditation
  + we will create a SURFdrive folder where per program, course etc. you need to save your exam and answers to the exams as pdf
  + the exam committee will need 3 people per dept. to help them evaluate exams
+ tenure criteria:
  + we voted about our TT research criteria
  + TiSEM wants us to do something with outreach as well
  + we have a special tenure/promotion procedure for people with heavy admin tasks; the HoDs have used this procedure two times till now; some people want to change this
    + we are open to suggestions, but if we abandon the special procedure, then it should be clear that anyone who gets tenure/promotion will become AD, DGS, HoD etc.
    + then we should draw a schedule for the next 10 years who does what when
    + and when deciding on tenure/promotion, you should take into account: do I look forward to this colleague becoming my HoD etc.
+ Reyer plans to stop as HoD summer 2019
  + there is someone who is willing to take over from Reyer
  + unless we have alternative candidates, this person will become the next HoD (together with Jan)
  + if there are alternative candidates, we can have a vote
  + note: TiSEM decides on who will become HoD but as a dept. we can suggest a candidate

** grant support


** committee reports

+ marketing our programs
+ streamlining the GS

